
Please answer the write-up questions from the Welcome to Java 
write-up in this text file. You can then submit this file along 
with your code when using the submitter.

These questions will be graded on a "did you answer the
questions?" basis and your section leader may discuss
them with you during your IG for this assignment.

1. In the FindRange program, we suggested that you make
   it easy to change the value of the sentinel that the
   user should enter to signal that they have no more data
   to enter. What changes would you have to make to the
   program to make the sentinel have some other value, say,
   -1 or 137?
   
A: In order to change the value of the sentinel, the value of SENTINEL before 
   "run()" method needs to be changed to the required value [Eg: -1, 137 etc.].      
   
   
   
2. The FixingBrokenJava program that we gave you contained
   many bugs, some of which are more obvious than others.
   What was your approach to finding those bugs? How did
   you test your updated FixingBrokenJava program to
   ensure that you had gotten rid of all of the bugs?
   
A: The syntax errors can be solved with the help of eclipse, as it
   points out the errors at the bottom in the "Problems" tab along with 
   the lines where the errors are present. To verify that all syntax errors
   were removed, I ran the program once. And it ran to prove that there were
   no syntax errors. In order to find the logical errors, I entered the debug 
   mode, and put a BreakPoint on the lines where I wanted to see what was 
   happening, and once I found out what was going on, I thought about what 
   was supposed to be going on, and I corrected logical mistakes to get the 
   required answers. 
   
   
   
3. In the Pyramid program, we've provided you some
   constants that you can change to adjust the brick
   size and pyramid size. The program should work for
   any values of those constants, provided that the
   brick size and pyramid heights aren't negative.
   When testing your program, did you try changing the
   values of those constants to see if the program
   would work correctly? If so, what different values
   did you try setting those constants to?
   
A: I tried the program with BRICKS_IN_BASE being in the range of 10 to 20
   because after that the pyramid would go out of the console. And when I 
   wanted to put more bricks in base I just decreased the size of the bricks
   accordingly. I set the BRICK_HEIGHT in the range of 10 to 30, and the 
   BRICK_WIDTH in the range of 10 to 40, when I kept the BRICKS_IN_BASE constant.  





