We'd love to get to know you in CS106A! As your first task, we'd like you to
update this document with the answers to the questions below and leave them in
your submission so that your section leader learn more about you (you probably
will not know who they are until after the assignment is due).

Also, send an email to Tom (hurlbutt@cs.stanford.edu), Yves
(yves@cs.stanford.edu), and Karl (knuhlig@stanford.edu) with the answers to
these questions. Please make sure that the subject line of your email says
"CS106A Email: <your name>", where "<your name>" is actually filled in with your
name.

General information and computing background:
	0.	What is your name?
	A:	My name is Chinmaya Ramachandra Kuduvalli
	
	1.	What year are you? (Fresh, Sophomore, Junior, Senior, Graduate, Other)
	A:	I just completed my freshman year.
		
  	2.  	Are you a Stanford student, and if not where are you from?
	A:	I am doing my undergrad at R.V. College of Engineering in Bangalore, India.
	
	3.	What is your major/area of study (or, if you're in high school, what would you like to study)? ("I'm not sure" and "I don't 			know" are completely acceptable answers here!)
	A:	I am pursuing a Major in Mechanical Engineering.
	
	4.	What type of computer (PC, Mac, Linux, etc.) do you prefer using?
	A:	I prefer using Linux.
	
	5.	Why are you taking CS106A?
	A:	I want to learn Object-Oriented Programming and develop a good style of coding.

Fun Stuff: This final section is just for us to have something to remember you by.

	1.	What do you do for fun?
	A:	Photography is one of my favorite hobbies, along with bird watching, basketball, and gaming. 

	2.	Tell a quick anecdote about something that you feel makes you unique. This can be a cool talent, an interesting experience, 			or anything else you'd like!
	A:	I love animals, and I think animals like me too. I have seen several instances where they are comfortable around me,
   		but I think my best experience was when I had been to California Academy of Sciences, and a butterfly had sat on my 
		shoulder without me luring it to sit, and it stayed with me the entire time I was in the Rainforest globe. 
	
	3.	Computers can be used to solve a wide variety of problems and perform a huge range of tasks. Is there any particular 			application of computers you'd like us to cover in this course?
	A:	I would like to learn the application of computers where they're used to solve real-world, real-time problems.

